==Background
Design that Matters created the Firefly infant phototherapy device(http://www.designthatmatters.org/impact/#ourwork) which is placed in hospitals in the developing world to treat newborns with jaundice. 

==The Problem
The only way to get usage number about the FireFly is to visit the remote hospitals it is placed in. The manufacturer offers a 3 year waruntee, but has discover people are not always using it. Further more, were a Firefly to break it would be useful to have error codes and environment data (eg ambient temperature) to help diagnose what went wrong. The NGO that places it does not have usage statics to make decisions and apply for grants. The people who sponsor these devices being placed in hospitals also do not have tangible way to see that their donation saves lives.

==Mission Statement
Using data to provide health centers in limited resource settings with high impact medical equipment that works.

==Goal for Hacking Medicine's Grand Hackfest
To design and prototype a data transmission system between the FireFly infant phototherapy device, the manufacturer, and Design That Matters to track use and facilitate maintenance of the device.

==Users
* Individual/Group Sponsor
  * View all firefly by country on a map
  * stream graph 
    * total # treated so far
    * projected total # to be treated
    * break down by firefly & hospital
  * Custom Project Name by country
  * Share on social media
* NGO
  * all the things the Sponsor wants
  * graph of hours on by week for assesing if more training is need
* Hospital
* Designer
* Manufacturer
  * seeing devices that have been offline for a certain amount of time
  * measure if training efforts are needed & if they make a difference
